per day
but
with respect to the open mouth that is
just happy because I'm having a
studio of sold discs I have not always
said I have always said there are many
many people who want a
opportunity like I had the fortune to
know it control doing well the
things the expert way sure all
communication systems that do not
work well only you i am good
He told me like Carlos Barrero arrived
almost everything you both want a
boy , I've always told you and this
I always try because it makes you have
well four times it can work
a song that is called musician in favor
of God
God's favor of play many after
that style that comes from pure corridos
of some corridos rather a cumbia
that I do not have many things
times in fact the cumbia is recorded
of songs of other crimes I'm going to
eat as I always did but I
have said with no longer have to have
company because they have to take the discs
of stations and so it will be more technical
leave the tight living disk 15
songs with God's favor I have 35
various
and then we want them to come out
i
the authorities I'm not against
I am but without any flexibility
in terms of schedule